Cluster Analysis Tool
===================

###Problem
Consider a wireless product consistently dropping calls within a one mile radius 
at a particular point upon a drive test. Currently, RIM is able debug this 
product within the test field laboratory to find out if there is a hardware and/or 
software bug associated with the error. However if the results of the laboratory 
tests came back as a pass, it would have to be assumed that there is an issue 
with the mobile network. 
It is this assumption that can cause frustration for RIM's third parties (e.g. 
customers and mobile network operators), even more so if other wireless devices 
within the same area are able to communicate perfectly fine.


###Solution
To design, implement and test one (or more) clustering algorithms in order to 
cluster coordinates that are generated by cellular devices. A further comparison 
of the various devices' meta-data will be required in order to allow for a more 
specific, in depth analysis.


###User Requirements
The following objectives have been set directly by the client, RIM. These objectives 
have been outlined using the MoSCoW prioritisation technique, and are outlined 
below:

**MUST**
* Design and develop an algorithm to cluster GPS coordinates.
* Compare RAT footprints of two data sets (products or pins) with each set being 
N weeks' worth of data and highlight differences in the RAT usage/drop/fails 
along the route.
* Compare MIX_BAND (Frequency bands) footprints of two data sets and highlight 
differences in usage/drops/fails between sets.

**SHOULD**
* Compare two sets of data for call its drop/failure clusters and highlight 
differences. 
* Ability to tag drops/fails with classification attributes and even compare 
based on attributes.
* Produce a web-based interface to the results, with a map plugin allowing the 
user to view the data.

**COULD**
* Velocity differences along route.
* Plot a map for all call attempts and call ends (success/fail) for a given 
period of time, for different devices.
* Allow the user to filter the clustering down (e.g. show only call drops).

**WON'T**
* Integration with current internal RIM testing systems.
